Add Zarr support (#190)
scverse/anndataR: vignettes/articles/software_design.Rmd

* [_anndata_](https://anndata.readthedocs.io/en/stable/) ([scverse/anndata](https://github.com/scverse/anndata)): The Python `anndata` package and on-disk specification
* `r Biocpkg("zellkonverter")` ([theislab/zellkonverter](https://github.com/theislab/zellkonverter)): Convert `AnnData` files to/from `SingleCellExperiment` objects
* `r Githubpkg("mtmorgan/h5ad")`: Read/write `*.h5ad` files natively using `r Biocpkg("rhdf5")`

> * `r Biocpkg("Rarr")`: Read/write `*.zarr` stores natively

Reviewer: Rarr is a dependency, but is not a package related to reading or writing anndata files

Reviewer 2: Hmm, ok you are right, so delete then ? I cannot think of an implementation to be inspired from based on `Rarr`.

# Core features

* An `r CRANpkg("R6")` `AnnData` class to work with objects in R

> * In-memory (`InMemoryAnnData`), HDF5-backed (`HDF5AnnData`), Zarr-backed (`ZarrAnnData`), Python-backed (`ReticulateAnnData`) back ends with a consistent interface

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
* In-memory (`InMemoryAnnData`), HDF5-backed (`HDF5AnnData`), Zarr-backed (`ZarrAnnData`) and Python-backed (`ReticulateAnnData`) back ends with a consistent interface
```

  It is primarily designed as an intermediate object when reading/writing H5AD files but can be useful for accessing parts of large files.
- The `ReticulateAnnData` access data stored in an `AnnData` object in a concurrent Python session.
  This comes with the overhead and complexity of using `r CRANpkg("reticulate")` but is sometimes useful to access functionality that has not yet been implemented in `r Biocpkg("anndataR")`.

> - The `ZarrAnnData` provides an interface to a Zarr data (i.e. Zarr store) and, similar to a H5AD file, minimal data is stored in memory until it is requested by the user. It is as an intermediate object when reading/writing Zarr store but can be useful for accessing parts of large files.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
- The `ZarrAnnData` provides an interface to a Zarr store and, similar to a H5AD file, minimal data is stored in memory until it is requested by the user. It is as an intermediate object when reading/writing Zarr stores but can be useful for accessing parts of large files.
```

Reviewer 2: fixed
